README.md, before:

# My Discourse plugins repository
This repository is containing a batch of my template embedded plugins for Discourse.
All of those plugins are under GNU GPL 3.0 Licence.

I have developed most of them for a Multigaming Community called Daerie.
You may see them live on our [forum](https://forums.clandaerie.com).

With recent changed applied to Discourse and the introduce of template components,
it make their integration easier.

In case you're liking this work, be free to send me some ISK under EVE Online on `Warlof Tutsimo` in case you're an EVE player.
If you're using any of those plugin, please tell me where and I'll add your discourse here :)

## Daerie Admonition
Proudly inspired from Material for MkDocs Admonition plugin.
This plugin is improving a bit comment block in order to add some style according to importance tag.

To show a block with a warning header and orange side border, you can use this.
Warning block will use your danger color.
```
> **warning**
>
> This is a warning block
```

To show a block with an information header and blue side border, you can use this
Info block will use your tertiary color.
```
> **info**
> This is an info block
```

## Daerie Eve SDE
A small plugin allowing basic SDE and ESI information regarding an item to be displayed in a modal box using Markdown link notation `[Item Name](#evesde)`

# Where they are used
 - [Clan Daerie](https://forums.clandaerie.com)

Commit message:

feat(eveinfo): Introducing EvE Info modal plugin

README.md, after:

# My Discourse plugins repository
This repository is containing a batch of my template embedded plugins for Discourse.
All of those plugins are under GNU GPL 3.0 Licence.

I have developed most of them for a Multigaming Community called Daerie.
You may see them live on our [forum](https://forums.clandaerie.com).

With recent changed applied to Discourse and the introduce of template components,
it make their integration easier.

In case you're liking this work, be free to send me some ISK under EVE Online on `Warlof Tutsimo` in case you're an EVE player.
If you're using any of those plugin, please tell me where and I'll add your discourse here :)

## Daerie Admonition
Proudly inspired from Material for MkDocs Admonition plugin.
This plugin is improving a bit comment block in order to add some style according to importance tag.

To show a block with a warning header and orange side border, you can use this.
Warning block will use your danger color.
```
> **warning**
>
> This is a warning block
```

To show a block with an information header and blue side border, you can use this
Info block will use your tertiary color.
```
> **info**
> This is an info block
```

## Daerie Eve SDE
A small plugin allowing basic SDE and ESI information regarding an item to be displayed in a modal box using Markdown link notation `[Item Name](#evesde)`

## Daerie Eve Info
A small plugin allowing ESI information regarding an entity (character,corporation or alliance) to be displayed in a modal box using Markdown link notation `[Entity Name](#eveinfo)`

# Where they are used
 - [Clan Daerie](https://forums.clandaerie.com)
